What is up guys and what KMAX sent out in this video you will be working out of the categories.
OK.
So you must be seeing that I just got a haircut and now I just look like a bit of good kitty look.
So.
OK let's let's just go to dashboard right now and let's add some categories.
OK so you guys already know about the categories dad before adding the post we added the categories.
OK.
And before adding the products we want to add the categories so that our web site looks amazing and
you should be adding categories before adding posed before adding products before adding the portfolio
item or any thing.
Make sure you add the category because it is really very important you should be assigning the category.
OK so let's just go to the products right now.
Let's just go to categories and you can see the three categories for default we created when we just
install a dummy condom.
OK.
So you can see this is how it is looking we have T-shirts and in T-shirts we have just one single product
and then we have the hoodie.
We have no product in sarees we have zero products are we.
So these are like coming.
So you can create them and you can also create the subcategories OK.
So I'm just going to be creating some some some some subcategories for this.
I want to create men and women and for the hoodies I want to create men and women and for that when
I forget men and women or for hoodies I can just go of the zipper non-super.
OK.
And for accessories I can go read like OK let's just leave for necessaries.
OK so I'm just going to show you both the method and a category without the subcategory and the category
vidis category.
OK.
So let's just go to T-shirts.
And the men here.
OK.
And then the slug would be normal.
The Pyrenean category is going to be T-shirts.
OK.
And let's just go to upload it do we want to upload the image of men.
I'm just going to go to pick semi-dark a crowd women image and then I'm going to upload it.
So we need an image that is going to be transparent.
Let's just go ahead and let's search for men.
Hey
so
I think it looks good.
Just go with this one.
OK.
I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to get free download.
I'm going to hit this and I'm going to download it right now so you can see this is being downloaded.
I'm just going to go to product categories and then upload added image.
I'm going to upload files
let's just drag it and drop it right here so you can see this is being uploaded right now.
This has been uploaded.
I'm just going to get use image imagine you can see this.
I mean just right here.
So who's going to hit and new category in this category will be a subcategory of T-shirts.
And that is mine.
OK.
So I'm like this.
I want to add a woman.
OK.
And then slug is going to be so he can change it to be like men T-shirts or vim and T-shirt that if
you want to add one more man and woman here you can just men.
Accessories.
And the category.
OK.
And then we have this and then we have the t shirts as a pair in category.
We have the slogs So we will be using the default slug for men.
OK.
And then we have
that term Neal.
So the toenail is going to be of women told me OK I'm just going to go back I'm going to hit women
OK I'm going to choose a single Obermann.
OK.
I want to single women OK.
I also want it to be transparent search.
I'll be using this one.
OK.
This is the woman.
It means just that I want to show.
So let's just go to hell is this it free download download free now so you can see this woman is being
downloaded.
So here we go.
I'm just going to I'm here.
I'm going to drag and drop it right here so that it is rior and then I'm going to hit emu's imagery
now.
OK.
Here we go.
So now I'm going to hit a new category and this category should be under here so you can see everything
is right here.
This is the Piran category I can drag and drop it right above there.
You can see this is right here.
OK.
And these are coming like this.
OK so I can drag any category right here anywhere I want I can even drag it right above here.
I want to.
OK.
I can even drag it in right below here but it will not be dragged.
Since this is a subcategory of T-shirt.
OK.
So now I can see men and women are coming.
I'm just going to bring them in top.
OK.
So you can see everything is coming here.
Now what I want to do I just want to add for hoodies I want to zipper Hoodie's zipper hoodies.
OK and then the Piran category is going to be Hoodie's OK and for Hoodie's I want to go to this right
here.
I want to search transparent.
And then I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to hit Woody OK.
The zipper.
OK.
Let's just search for a hoodie and then we should be having some.
So this is the zipper lot.
OK
yes.
This is the zipper on.
I'm just gonna grab this.
I'm just gonna go ahead I'm going to get free download.
I'm going to hit this right now and I'm going to download.
You can see this is right here.
I'm just going to drag hit and upload upload the image I'm going to drag it and drop it right here and
then I'm going to use image right now.
So this is right here.
OK.
And now I'm just going to go ahead I'm going to hit our new category.
So this is super.
Who is right now.
OK.
See like this.
I want the full hoodie.
OK.
And the full hoodie.
This one has a full hoodie.
So I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to just upload it right now.
OK.
I'm just going to download.
Let's just come here.
Let's just go to non-super.
I hope we call it non-super.
I don't know.
Non-super.
OK.
I'm just going to go ahead I'm going to like this and then I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to upload the image right now.
So let's just come here.
Let's just drag it and drop a tray here.
Enlighted use image.
So here we have every image that is coming I'm just going to go hit I'm going to hit our new category
and all these images are right here.
So now we're going to start eating these stuff.
So I'm also going to show you that what is it displayed.
How displayed is going to look.
But first we have to add so many products so that our website looks great.
OK so now we have added these right here display type.
This is very important we will be discussing this later on.
OK.
So let's just go to the products right here and let's add some products so for T-shirts.
I want to add the T-shirt for men.
So let's just go to and.
OK.
And we can also create a category for unisex.
If you want to and you can also create a very able product like that people can select it that you want
this shooter T-shirt for men or T-shirt for women.
And so in unisex both the T-shirts will appear you just have this like he and his men and women.
OK.
So I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to search.
I'm just gonna add a t shirt for men.
OK.
Here we go.
And just going to come here and here is going to be my long description here will be my short description
here will be my regular price.
And then here would be the categories.
OK.
So people are just discussing this simple product right now.
Again we will also discuss them.
You guys should already know about it.
We will discuss them.
OK and then we'll be working at the product.
OK great product is important and the variable product if you want to create an affiliate base site
will also show you.
But this is not much used.
OK.
But these are used.
So let's just come here.
Let's just add some of the demi Condon's So I'm just going to go to some dot.com slash feed slash h
t m l and then here I want to grab all this.
So I'm just going to I'm here I'm going to search I'm just going to grab it right here.
OK.
And I'm going to come here and I'm going to and I'll paste it OK.
So I'm like this.
I want to crab this a little bit from here.
So I'm just going to grab this right here.
OK.
Copy and then come here and paste it.
This is my short description that I have.
And then we have the regular price of the regular price is going to be $90 and all let's add a sale
price is going to be $10.
OK.
So we can also schedule it.
Like the sale will be going from today to I just like today.
OK.
This is the great now today and then it will be till the 21st or 20th.
So this is the sale date and then this day goes the products will be automatically set 290.
OK.
So this is how this will commerce work.
I'm just going to assign this t shirt for men T-shirt for men buy Levis.
OK.
So here I can add the product tag so here I can add the brand name so I can just assign the brand name
like Levis.
Sure.
OK and men and clothing trending and something like that OK.
So you can add these tax or just give me your head and you can see everything is added right now.
OK.
So you can also choose from the most huge stacks that you can see that we added the 2017 men and they
said these are the most used and I just I can just add it and it is right here and can add these dash
right here.
OK so I also want to add the product made so let's just grab that product image from them.
Let's just come here.
Let's just go here to splash.
Let's just grab the image from here to OK.
No problem is going to come here.
I'm just going to search for this man.
OK.
So we just need a man image who's who's wearing a T-shirt.
Obviously he would he would be wearing a t shirt.
So he's not wearing a T-shirt.
A man with a T-shirt.
OK.
I'm just gonna grab it right now.
I'm just going to I'm here.
I'm going to choose the smallest one because I'm so that it doesn't make much load on my site.
You can also compress it you can change the resize of that.
You mean by just installing the Photoshop and just resizing it.
You guys already know about it.
You guys are the professional developers.
So this is going to drag and drop a tray here and then see that it is Fry being uploaded from here.
You can see this is here.
I'm just going to set product image and my product image is going to be set and now I'm going to go
ahead and I'm going to hit publish.
OK.
And let's just go ahead and let's just open this product up.
So here we go.
You can see this is our product and voila you can see we have this T-shirt for men right here for BAILA.
OK.
And this is on sale for $10.
And then we have the category assigned as men.
And we have the tags right here.
So if I just go to trending right here you can see it's going to shoot two thing right here is this
trending cat tag is assigned to them.
And this is the product tag right here.
So this is how the tags work.
OK.
I'm just going to go back I'm going to go to the shop page right here and you can see that.
Finally we have two products right here.
One is T-shirt for main battle of ideas and the shirt for men with just twenty five and 10 so we can
sort it.
OK I can sort it by the price low to highest or the low price is going to be coming.
OK so I'd buy new.
This is this will be already here.
So because this is the newest product and you can also go with the default hoarding So the full story
is just to show the default one on top.
OK so now we're totally done.
OK.
In the next video we will be working of a different type of products.
We are also done with the categories and then in the next video we'll be working on a different type
of front.
So Stadion guys and I hope you'll like this.
Goodbye.